# GSM-Beacon-Transmitter
Files for Universal Radio Hacker of real GSM beacons produced and generated by me using my OpenBTS setup. With this file, anyone can use URA and a compatible and transmission capable SDR to broadcast their own real GSM beacon. These beacons are even detected during a network scan on a mobile phone (tested with Android, iPhone, and 2000s phones). The PLMN that's being broadcasted is 001 01 (Test Network).

## Interesting Observations

1 - My iPhone SE 2020 displays the network as "001 01" in the network selection, but my iPhone 15 displays the network as "Test PLMN 1-1" (as expected).
2 - All the other networks populate the Network Selection list almost instantly, but my network takes a few seconds after them to show up. 

## How To Use

1 - Download the file(s) you want to use. 

2 - Open or download Universal Radio Hacker. 

3 - Head to "File" -> "Open...". 

4 - Navigate to your downloads folder, or whichever folder the file is in. 

5 - If you can't find the file, click "All Files(*)" and then "Complex16 signed (*.complex16s *.cs8)", then scroll to the bottom. The file should be there. 

6 - Once the file is selected, open it. 

7 - To play the file, click the play button next to the blue information "i" button, and the red "x" delete button, and this will open a menu. 

8 - Select your device from the "Device: " dopdown list (e.g. HackRF). 

9 - Next to the "Device Identifier: " box there should be a green circular arrow. Click it, and if your device is connected, a string of text should show up. 

10 - The frequency can then be set to your ARFCN uplink of choice (see How To Choose An ARFCN). 

11 - In the case of the HackRF, both the "Gain: " and "IF Gain: " can be set to the maximum value. 

12 - Finally just click "Start"!

## How To Choose An ARFCN

ARFCN stands for Absolute Radio Frequency Channel Number, and it is essentially the different GSM channel numbers. Each channel number contains an uplink frequency and a downlink frequency. For this setup you can ignore the uplink frequency, since this system is a downlink-only beacon transmitter. You must find out which ARFCNs are being used in your country, so that you do not interfere with licensed mobile operators. You can easily find these on Google. Once you have found which ARFCNs are in use, choose one that isn't and then find out it's downlink frequency. A quick Google search can tell you the ARFCN frequencies, but I recommend https://www.sqimway.com/gsm_arfcn.php which should tell you everything you need to know. 

## Things To Do

Now that you can broadcast your own GSM beacon, you may be thinking what's next. There are many things you can use this for, but I will give some examples:

 - Use an RTL-SDR to monitor the uplink frequency that corresponds to the ARFCN downlink you chose. Then go on your phone and do a network operator scan, and find your network. Then click it and try to register with it. The registration will fail, but the phone will still transmit. Using this, you should be able to see pulses of radio energy, and you can confirm if things are working.
 - Try the previous suggestion, but buy some blank SIM cards and program them with the PLMN of this network (001 01). Then the phone will automatically start transmitting the registration attempt when the phone detects your beacon. Programming SIMs is quite involved, but this is the software I recommend https://smacarte.com/wp/grsimwrite_download/ which is free and very powerful.
 - Use this beacon as a sync clock for CalypsoBTS. CalypsoBTS allows the use of old Calypso based phones to become cellular base stations, but they require an existing cell network to sync with. This beacon can become that, and I have tried it succesfully.

## Support

If you have any questions, concerns, suggestions, or corrections, please email me at colearbuckle2010@hotmail.com witht he subject line "GSM Beacon - your subject here" and I will get back to you as soon as possible.

#Disclaimer
I'm almsot certain you already know this, but please do not use this for malicious purposes. Doing so is against the law and I am not responsible for your actions. Please just this tool to eductate yourself and have some fun. It is suggested that you use a Faraday cage to broadcast in, but I know you're most likely not going to do that. Just do not interfere with licensed cellular communication or emergency services. 
